Environment Canada: document radar camera options flow (#45838)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/environment_canada.markdown

The alert sensors use the number of current alerts as their state, with an attribute containing the title of each alert.

## Radar camera options

To configure the radar camera display, go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}, select the **Environment Canada** integration, and select **Configure**.

The following settings are available:

- **Radar type**: The radar layer to display: Rain, Snow, or Precipitation type (a composite layer showing the type of precipitation). The default is Precipitation type.
- **Show legend**: Whether to show the color legend on the radar image (default: off).
- **Show timestamp**: Whether to show the timestamp on the radar image (default: on).
- **Radar opacity**: Opacity of the radar overlay, from 0 to 100 (default: 65).
- **Map radius**: Radius of the radar map in kilometres, from 10 to 2,000 km (default: 200 km).

> Changing these settings reloads the integration so the new radar settings take effect immediately. The radar camera entity will be briefly unavailable during the reload.

Reviewer: Let's split this into a concept and task topics:

```suggestion
## Radar camera options

You can customize the radar display settings.
The following settings are available:

- **Radar type**: The radar layer to display: **Rain**, **Snow**, or **Precipitation type** (a composite layer showing the type of precipitation). The default is **Precipitation type**.
- **Show legend**: Whether to show the color legend on the radar image (default: off).
- **Show timestamp**: Whether to show the timestamp on the radar image (default: on).
- **Radar opacity**: Opacity of the radar overlay, from 0 to 100 (default: 65).
- **Map radius**: Radius of the radar map in kilometers, from 10 to 2,000 km (default: 200 km).

### Configuring radar camera display

To configure the radar camera display:

1. Go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}.
2. Select the **Environment Canada** integration.
3. Select **Configure** (the cogwheel icon).
4. Change the options you want.
5. Select **Submit**.

Changing these settings reloads the integration, so the new radar settings take effect immediately. The radar camera entity is briefly unavailable during the reload.
```
